Translate KEX-ME-API to 🇬🇧 (#53)
europace/kex-market-engine-api: README.md

If a downselling is not possible, an offer without document(s) with the status `NICHT_MACHBAR` and at least one corresponding feasibility message is expected. Duration and loan amount should in this case correspond to the original request.

##### Messages

Messages are generated to provide guidance to the broker about the execution and feasibility of the application. The following categories are distinguished.

| Message category  | Description | <code>machbarkeitsstatus</code>| <code>angepasst</code> |
|--------|--------|--------|--------|
| <code>MACHBARKEIT</code> | The application will be rejected. | `NICHT_MACHBAR`| <i>no influence<i> |
| <code>VOLLSTAENDIGKEIT</code> | The application is incomplete and must be completed with missing data. | `NICHT_MACHBAR`| <i>no influence<i> | 
| <code>HINWEIS</code> | Note to the broker. | <i>no influence<i> | <i>no influence<i>|
| <code>ANPASSUNG</code> | Information about adjustments of the customer's request, e.g. monthly payment, loan amount oder insurance. | `MACHBAR` | true | 

##### Status

> | Machbarkeitsstatus  | Description |

Author: ```suggestion
| Feasibility status  | Description |
```

- See field <code>bonitaetscheck</code>

#### Calculation of final conditions

- Including redemption schedule
- See fields <code>kredit</code> and <code>tilgungsplan</code>

#### Vote on the feasibility of the application

- Including consideration of the scores of external providers e.g. Schufa
- In case of rejection, generating a message with reason for rejection
- See fields <code>status</code> and <code>meldungen</code>

#### Identification of documents to be submitted
- See field <code>unterlagen</code>

#### Creation of the contract documents
- See field <code>dokumente</code>

#### Providing links for the digital identification of the Antragsteller

- Video legitimation
- QES
- See field <code>identifikation</code>

### Integration of the KEX Market Engine API in Europace

The KEX Market Engine API will be implemented by the Produktanbieter. With support of the KEX Market Engine service Europace can integrate the products of the Produktanbieter via API into KreditSmart.

![](KEX%20Market%20Engine%20API%20Annahme%20Sequenzdiagramm.svg)

### API reference

The implemented interface accepts data with content-type **application/json**.

#### Request

> Services that implement the API expect a POST-request with a JSON-document as request-body.

Reviewer: Ich bin mir bei English nicht mit den - sicher, aber ich glaube hier überall eher nicht.
```suggestion
Services that implement the API expect a POST request with a JSON document as request body.
```

> During the offer calculation, it is already ensured that the application data is complete. Notwithstanding this, the service must be able to deal with missing data. This should not lead to a technical error.

Reviewer: Geht auf jeden Fall beides, aber "Notwithstanding" ist glaube ich schon etwas exotisch.

```suggestion
During the offer calculation, it is already ensured that the application data is complete. Nevertheless, the service must be able to deal with missing data. This should not lead to a technical error.
```

#### Response

The response will be expected as JSON within the response body. 

In general a response with a complete offer and HTTP status code **200 SUCCESS** is expected. If the offer is **MACHBAR**, at least one document is expected.

In case of a technical error a response with HTTP status code **500** is expected. The response must not contain an offer, but should give an indication of the cause of the error as <code>supportMeldung</code>.

##### Handling incomplete requests

> A complete offer without document(s) is expected. The Machbarkeitsstatus is **NICHT_MACHBAR**. Vollständigkeitsmeldungen must be available, that point out the missing data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A complete offer without document(s) is expected. The Machbarkeitsstatus is **NICHT_MACHBAR**. Vollständigkeitsmeldungen, that point out the missing data, must be available.
```

> ##### Handling shortfall in the Haushaltsrechnung

Reviewer: Keine Ahnung, ob shortfall das richtige Wort ist, müsste das evtl. ins Glossar?

Author: Genau - hatte ich so im Business Context gefunden (shortfall / surplus für Über- und Unterdeckung.)

> If the application is not feasible due to a shortfall in the Haushaltsrechnung, in best case the duration will be extended. If this is not possible, a downselling of the loan amount can take place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the application is not feasible due to a shortfall in the Haushaltsrechnung, ideally the duration will be extended. If this is not possible, a downselling of the loan amount can take place.
```

If a downselling results in a feasible offer, this is marked as <code>"angepasst": true</code> and contains appropriate adjustment messages to inform the broker of the adjustment.

If a downselling is not possible, an offer without document(s) with the status **NICHT_MACHBAR** and at least one corresponding feasibility message is expected. Duration and loan amount should in this case correspond to the original request.

> #### Messages

Reviewer: Hier bei der Einrückung bin ich mir nicht sicher, aber vermutlich gehört es noch zur Response und daher sollten es 5# sein.

> Messages are generated to provide guidance to the broker on the excecution and feasibility of the application. The following categories are distinguished.

Reviewer: Excecution klingt für mich hier komisch, aber ich habe auch nichts besseres.

```suggestion
Messages are generated to provide guidance to the broker about the execution and feasibility of the application. The following categories are distinguished.
```

| Message category  | Description | <code>machbarkeitsstatus</code>| <code>angepasst</code> |
|--------|--------|--------|--------|
| <code>MACHBARKEIT</code> | The application will be rejected. | NICHT_MACHBAR| <i>no influence<i> |
| <code>VOLLSTAENDIGKEIT</code> | The application is incomplete and must be completed with missing data. | NICHT_MACHBAR| <i>no influence<i> | 
| <code>HINWEIS</code> | Note to the broker. | <i>no influence<i> | <i>no influence<i>|

> | <code>ANPASSUNG</code> | Not to adjustments of the customer's request, e.g. monthly payment, loan amount oder insurance. | MACHBAR | true | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <code>ANPASSUNG</code> | Information about adjustments of the customer's request, e.g. monthly payment, loan amount oder insurance. | MACHBAR | true | 
```

> #### Status

Reviewer: Hier vermutlich auch 5#

| Machbarkeitsstatus  | Description |
|--------|--------|
| MACHBAR | The application is accepted. |

> | MACHBAR_UNTER_VORBEHALT_PRODUKTANBIETER | The application could not be finally examined. Produktanbieter and broker need to renegotiate.| 

Reviewer: Vermutlich eher sowas:
```suggestion
| MACHBAR_UNTER_VORBEHALT_PRODUKTANBIETER | The application could not be examined conclusively. Produktanbieter and broker need to renegotiate.| 
```

| NICHT_MACHBAR | The application is rejected. |

## Authentication

> The method of authentication is agreed between the Produktanbieter and Europace.

Reviewer: Oder eher sowas:
```suggestion
The method of authentication has to be coordinated between the Produktanbieter and Europace.
```

If a downselling results in a feasible offer, this is marked as <code>"angepasst": true</code> and contains appropriate adjustment messages to inform the broker of the adjustment.

If a downselling is not possible, an offer without document(s) with the status `NICHT_MACHBAR` and at least one corresponding feasibility message is expected. Duration and loan amount should in this case correspond to the original request.

##### Messages

Messages are generated to provide guidance to the broker about the execution and feasibility of the application. The following categories are distinguished.

| Message category  | Description | <code>machbarkeitsstatus</code>| <code>angepasst</code> |
|--------|--------|--------|--------|
| <code>MACHBARKEIT</code> | The application will be rejected. | `NICHT_MACHBAR`| <i>no influence<i> |
| <code>VOLLSTAENDIGKEIT</code> | The application is incomplete and must be completed with missing data. | `NICHT_MACHBAR`| <i>no influence<i> | 
| <code>HINWEIS</code> | Note to the broker. | <i>no influence<i> | <i>no influence<i>|

> | <code>ANPASSUNG</code> | Information about adjustments of the customer's request, e.g. monthly payment, loan amount oder insurance. | `MACHBAR` | true | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <code>ANPASSUNG</code> | Information about adjustments of the customer's request, e.g. monthly payment, loan amount oder insurance. | `MACHBAR` | `true` | 
```
